you
I think today we're just coming out with
a clean slate and we're gonna go out
there and leave everything on
all of us have come from all over the
United States and I don't think any of
us would have come here if we didn't
think this team can go really far
you
the
it was a lot like the balloon releasing
and letting go of everything that was
bothering us but everyone said their
part knows more of a team thing is to
just individuals like last time it
really brought us together
you
when we came out and stood on the on the
line and all held hands and did the line
of commitment like I thought that right
there was probably like the moment of
our season like that was I don't know
that was really really really
you